---
layout: post
title: "week 4, one third complete"
date: 2013-10-11 12:01
comments: true
categories:
---

{% codeblock i 'git' code - octocat.rb %}
puts "its a rails new day" unless false
{% endcodeblock %}

Week 4!

This week we did two rails projects. These were full on rails projects. I definitly benefited from having done a little rails in the past. Mostly I was use to the file setup in the left hand nav of sublime. We first made a linker app which allows you to forward one web address to a longer web address. Becasue twitter only allows post to have 140 characters, linker apps have become really popular for people posting on twitter. At one point there was a fewar that the internet could be crippled if the linkker apps went down. There could basically be a bunch of dead links all over the internet which people rely on to get to thier favourite sites/pages. The linker app helped me get my rails confidence up as I worked through making views and controllers and models. We then built a new and improved stackworld. This was a great project for me. I learned alot. Jorge and I made ours really customized. We put the item creation and connection creation in the left hand nav of our room pages. This was cool because I had to think about what a controller and view really are doing instead of just one to one connecting a controller method to a view. I also learned more about powerful rails methods line has_many and form_for and others. I really wanted to try getting pusher to work. We put some architexture together to let it integreate but sort of ran out of time. Probably better to just keep moving. I again feel that we have fallen behind. I thought we would start the large group mock-kickstarter project this week but we will just end up taking a test and starting next week. Oh ya we have a test. The test is a review of the first 3 weeks. I think I will be fine for it but do want to revuew the action controller stuff. I think my confidence in my sql skills was too high and as a result I didn't learn everything for the action controller stuff. Mostly syntax stuff. Conceptually I think I'm fine. Byt there is no teason not to reuvuw this stuff a little.

Other stuff. I'm thinking about doing a hackathon on the 19th. Its a mobile payments hackathon. I'm thinking I could build something that will allow people to incorporate payments into a google form. I'd love to crush that and really get my name out there ya know?

Ok thats all I've got.

Cheers,
Kyle

P.S. get on my ass about this internet explanation we'blog' post. It will be good for both of us.
