---
layout: post
title: "Day18(3)"
date: 2013-09-18 09:12
comments: true
categories:
---

[A link for links sake](http://kyle-dorman.github.io/)

{% codeblock breakfast of champions- bagel.rb}
puts "chive is the best creamcheese unless lox"
{% endcodeblock }

Day 18 baby!. Biggest day of the class! "But Kyle, its only day 3 of the class. How can today be both day 18 and 'the biggest day of the class?" Well rude imaginary person, I started doing prep-wrk for this class on September 1, so thats how its day 18, silly. AND everyday is the biggest day of the class. Leggo.

Recap: Yesterday we bulit a blog. This blog. Blogs were origonally called weblogs. Some fancy person came along and decided to drop the "we" and now weblogs are called blogs. I might be a weblog guy myself. Not sure yet, but I'll get back to you when I know. This blog is cool because it is very customizable and everything in it uses code. To post stuff I have to send a git push request. To update visuals, I can update the html and css code. Fun stuff. Great for learning and for webloging. After we built a blog everyone int he class worked on ruby. I went through the [Test First dot org](http://testfirst.org/learn_ruby) tutorial up through number 11 I think. I will do a few more this morning. I then built a haiku maker. We were given a file which had all the words in the dictionary and how to sound the words out which indicated how many sylabls(spelling) the word had. For this, I could randomly generate numbers which when paired together would give a haiku. Here is an example:
SHAFTED WILLISON
PECH COLORISTIC TEACHING
ACCOMPANYING

or this one:
SIDLER HEAVEN'S
PROPPED WATNE COIN UNGAR THIEDE FUNES
TESTICLES BEGINS

Future: Today I will write a script with will find all the haikus in a book. And also finish the Test first stuff.

Thats all for now. Send me a youtube video and I'll try to post it.

Cheers,
Kyle
